---
layout: page
title: Usability Testing Review
---

# Problem and Solution Overview

The problem we wanted our design to address is the confusion and lack of communication within housing communities. We specifically decided to focus on the lack of social engagement within the residential experience as a barrier for understanding aspects of the housing process due to the lack of communication with administration, facilities, and others in your housing community. While there are spaces across campus for gatherings that can better the residential experience, they are often underutilized and under promoted. The goal of RES is to increase knowledge of these events throughout a college campus to connect individuals within a housing community, and allow them to learn more about their living environments. We plan to achieve this through an event application where people can share events they are hosting and therefore notify others within that quad or neighborhood; facilities and housing authorities will also have access to the application and therefore be informed of these events as well. 

# Initial Paper Prototype

The two tasks we wanted to address in the initial paper prototype are: 
1. Browsing and Responding to an Event
2. Creating a Social Space

Here is an overview of our mobile application. After logging in, users will be directed the home screen which is a map. Through the task bar at the bottom, the user will be able to complete the two tasks to their liking. 

### Original Task 1: Browsing and Responding to an Event 
One way of browsing and responding to events is through the map displaying events that are currently happening on campus.

When a user first opens the application, they will see a map similar to the display on the left where there are small icons (emojis) throughout it representing different current events. As the user zooms in, these emojis will appear larger like the display on the right, allowing the option of more easily clicking on it

Once an emoji is clicked on, the user can see the corresponding event name, time, location, details, and creator. On this page, users will be able to respond “Going”, “Interested”, or “Not Going”. Once the user indicates their response by clicking on the appropriate button, it is highlighted with a corresponding color. If the user clicks “Going” or “Interested”, the event will be displayed on their “My Events” page. If the user clicks “Not Going”, the event will be deleted from their personal map and can only be found if searched for.

When a user clicks on an event on this page, it shows more information about the event and allows them to edit their responses. This page can also be accessed through the heart icon on the bottom of the application home screen.

Alternative screen if housing authority view (accept & reject) 
The housing authorities have a different view on their interface and it is labeled as “Events”. It displays all the events that are upcoming in time order. The approval status of the event is also shown. When the user clicks on the status of the event, they are able to disapprove of the event by submitting a reason for cancellation.

The user can alternatively browse through the “Search” page by entering the location, icon, or event name. There is an option to filter through all the upcoming events by location and time. After clicking on the desired filter category, the user can check all the filters they want to add. 

### Original Task 2: Creating a Social Space
